[[Shop.pdf]]

Name|Description|Cost
-|-|-|
[[Boomerang of Retreiving]]|"This magic boomerang deals 1d6+1 force damage to any target it hits, inflicted by the faint magical field of force surrounding the weapon. Unlike a normal boomerang, the boomerang of retrieval will always return to you after you make a ranged attack with it, even if you hit. If after thrown this boomerang hits a small unattended object weighting no more than 1 pound and occupying space no more than 1 cubic foot, it will magically carry that object back with it to your space."|50
[[Dual Eigthstaffs]]|"In its full form, this large staff deals 1d8 bludgeoning damage.  It can be separated at the sheath in the middle, revealing two long-blade daggers. When attacking with one of these daggers, you can attack with the other as a bonus action, and you get a +2 bonus to attack and damage (1d4) rolls."|40
[[Phoenixfire Bow]]|"Deal 1d8 piercing damage. This bow has 5 charges. When you make attack you can choose to spend a charge, if the attack hit a creature you deal an additional 1d10 fire damage. The bow regains 1d3 charges daily at dawn."|80
[[Animated Shield]]|"While holding this shield, you can speak its command word as a bonus action to cause it to animate. The shield leaps into the air and hovers in your space to protect you as if you were wielding it, leaving your hands free and increasing your armor class by 2. The shield remains animated for 1 minute, until you use a bonus action to end this effect, or until you are incapacitated or die, at which point the shield falls to the ground or into your hand if you have one free."|75
[[Lion's Boots]]|"A pair of sturdy boots with soft padding on the bottom. You gain +2 to stealth checks while wearing, and are able to move across any surface without making sound."|40
[[Lion's Mane]]|"A large, lion-hair scarf which can be pulled up to conceal the face. You gain +2 to charisma and intimidation skill checks while wearing."|55
[[Robe of Summer]]|"This elegant garment is made from fine cloth in hues of red, orange, and gold. While you wear the robe, you have resistance to cold damage. In addition, you are comfortable as if the temperature were that of a balmy day, so you suffer no ill effects from the weather's temperature extremes."|45
[[Spellguard Shield]]|"While holding this shield, you have advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical effects, and spell attacks have disadvantage against you. Wielding a shield increases your armor class by 2. While wielding a shield, you may only use one-handed weapons."|90
[[Bracers of Defense]]|"While wearing these bracers, you gain a +2 bonus to AC if you are wearing no armor and using no shield."|60
[[Balloon Pack]]|"This backpack contains the spirit of an air elemental and a compact leather balloon. While you're wearing the backpack, you can deploy the balloon as an action and gain the effect of the levitate spell for 10 minutes, targeting yourself and requiring no concentration. Alternatively, you can use a reaction to deploy the balloon when you're falling and gain the effect of the feather fall spell for yourself. After the spirit departs, the backpack's property is unusable until the next dawn."|40
[[Chime of Opening]]|"This hollow metal tube measures about 1 foot long and weighs 1 pound. You can strike it as an action, pointing it at an object within 120 feet of you that can be opened, such as a door, lid, or lock. The Chime issues a clear tone, and one lock or latch on the object opens unless the sound can’t reach the object. If no locks or latches remain, the object itself opens. The chime can be used three times. After the third time, it cracks and becomes useless."|15
[[Immovable Rod]]|"This flat iron rod has a button on one end. You can use an action to press the button, which causes the rod to become magically fixed in place. Until you or another creature uses an action to push the button again, the rod doesn’t move, even if it is defying gravity. The rod can hold up to 8000 pounds of weight. More weight causes the rod to deactivate and fall. A creature can use an action to make a DC 30 Strength check, moving the fixed rod up to 10 feet on a success."|60
[[Joker's Die]]|"Whenever you roll this six-sided die, you can control which number it rolls."|10
[[Medallion of Thoughts]]|"The medallion has 3 charges. While wearing it, you can use an action and expend 1 charge to cast the ""Detect Thoughts"" spell (save DC 13) from it. The medallion regains 1d3 expended charges daily at dawn."|25
[[Portable Hole]]|"This fine black cloth, soft as silk, is folded up to the dimensions of a handkerchief. It unfolds into a circular sheet 6 feet in diameter. You can use an action to unfold a portable hole and place it on or against a solid surface, whereupon the portable hole creates an extradimensional hole 10 feet deep. The cylindrical space within the hole exists on a different plane, so it can't be used to create open passages. Any creature inside an open portable hole can exit the hole by climbing out of it. You can use an action to close a portable hole by taking hold of the edges of the cloth and folding it up. Folding the cloth closes the hole, and any creatures or objects within remain in the extradimensional space. If the hole is folded up, a creature within the hole's extradimensional space can use an action to make a DC 10 Strength check. On a successful check, the creature forces its way out and appears within 5 feet of the portable hole or the creature carrying it. A breathing creature within a closed portable hole can survive for up to 10 minutes, after which time it begins to suffocate."|130
[[Shiny Stone]]|This stone is a large gem worth 150 gp.|100
[[Sovereign Glue]]|"This jar contains 5 ounces of viscous, milky-white substance can form a permanent adhesive bond between any two objects. One ounce of the glue can cover a 1-foot square surface. The glue takes 1 minute to set. Once it has done so, the bond it creates can be broken only by the application of universal solvent or with a wish spell."|50
[[Tankard of Sobriety]]|"This tankard has a stern face sculpted into one side. You can drink ale, wine, or any other nonmagical alcoholic beverage poured into it without becoming inebriated. The tankard has no effect on magical liquids or harmful substances such as poison."|30
[[Universal Solvent]]|"This tube holds milky liquid with a strong alcohol smell. You can use an action to pour the contents of the tube onto a surface within reach. The liquid instantly dissolves up to 1 square foot of adhesive it touches, including sovereign glue."|10
[[Wind Fan]]|"While holding this fan, you can use an action to cast the gust of wind spell (save DC 13) from it. Once used, the fan shouldn’t be used again until the next dawn. Each time it is used again before then, it has a cumulative 20 percent chance of not working and tearing into useless, nonmagical tatters."|15
[[Wondrous Jug]]|"This ceramic jug appears to be able to hold a gallon of liquid. Sloshing sounds can be heard from within the jug when it is shaken, even if the jug is empty. You can use an action and name one liquid from the table below to cause the jug to produce the chosen liquid. Afterward, you can uncork the jug as an action and pour that liquid out, up to 2 gallons per minute. The maximum amount of liquid the jug can produce depends on the liquid. Once the jug starts producing a liquid, it can't produce a different one, or more of one that has reached its maximum, until the next dawn. Liquids: Acid (8 oz), Poison (1/2 oz), Beer (4 gallons), Mayonnaise (2 gallons), Water (8 gallons), Wine (1 gallon)"|50